\documentclass[openany]{book}
\usepackage{fontspec}

\usepackage[parapparatus,series={A,B,C}]{reledmac}
\usepackage[nosyncpstarts]{reledpar}
\Xarrangement[A]{paragraph}

\begin{document}

\part*{Titre du trait√©}

\begin{pages}

\begin{Leftside}
  \beginnumbering

\pstart
%
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
%
\pend

\pstart
%
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
%
\pend

\pstart
%
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
%
\pend

\pstart
%
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
%
\pend

\pstart
%
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
%
\pend

\pstart
%
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche gauche
%
\pend



\endnumbering
\end{Leftside}

\begin{Rightside}
\beginnumbering

\pstart
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\pend

\pstart
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\pend

\pstart
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\pend

\pstart
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\pend

\pstart
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\pend

\pstart
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\edtext{droite}{\Afootnote{droite droite droite}} droite droite droite
\pend



\endnumbering  
\end{Rightside}

\end{pages}

\Pages

\end{document}
